Initial setup (#1)
holochain/network-services: README.md

```sh
sudo certbot certonly --standalone -d bootstrap2.holochain.org
```

This sets up auto-renewal of certificates, so there's no need to manually configure a cron job. You can check that this 
is working by running:

```sh
sudo certbot renew --dry-run
```

Now you can start the bootstrap/sbd service:

```sh
cd /opt/bootstrap_srv/
podman compose up -d
```

This will pull the `holochain/kitsune2_bootstrap_srv` container and start it as a daemon.

Check that the service managed to start by running:

```sh
podman compose logs bootstrap
```

You should see a log line like `#kitsune2_bootstrap_srv#running#`.

### Updating the container deployment

To update the container deployment, edit the `docker-compose.yaml` locally. Any changes to this file should go up for a
pull request. Once that's done, you need to run the following command locally:

```sh
scp docker-compose.yaml root@bootstrap2.holochain.org:/opt/bootstrap_srv/docker-compose.yaml
```

Then, you need to SSH into the server and restart the service:

```sh
ssh root@bootstrap2.holochain.org
cd /opt/bootstrap_srv/
podman compose up -d
```

> Note that this will restart the service, which will close any open connections!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that restarting the service will close any open connections!
```

Author: I'm trying to make it clear that updating the image, starts a new container, which means closing connections to the old container. Happy to make this clearer but I think this update doesn't make it clear that the command above does the restart. What do you think?

Reviewer: To me it was redundant, because it says "you need to restart the service" followed by the command. It's implicit that it's restarting the service, even though there's no `restart` command.
But I don't mind the redundancy =)
